*) introduce smart initialisation
*) add an option to range the ssms, for "SUSY runs"
*) implement random changes in the pairs of masses and ssms that leave the total
   xsec largely the same
*) extend protomodels to non-Z2
*) move to using jamies pathfinder, drop maximization of mu
*) study the ulobs/ulexp distribution in great detail, so we can make
   an informed choice in the critic

?) builder: if em results are available, do not use the UL results
*) add also steps that shift N1,C1,N2 simultaneously
*) add also steps that shift the whole spectrum simultaneously
*) see if transitions between offshell region and onshell region work
+) penalize if we are out-of-grid of one experiment:
   intermediate: we have combiner.penalizeForMissingResults
+) drop the "states"? maybe not yet!

.) clean up likelihood scanner code
.) improve the computation of the individual significances
.) wrap up with this iteration of the scanners
.) see if the teststatScanner works
.) is there a way to track the pids in smodels v3?
	 would be nice for manipulator:freezePidsNotInBestCombo
.) adapt ruler
.) fix the movie maker (if it is broken)
.) do_combine needs to propagate
.) make sure model always gets same K,Z scores when rerunning
.) if C1 or N2 changes, have a small chance for the other to jump to same mass
.) when C1 or N2 unfreeze, have a certain chance for them to unfreeze to
   offshell regime
.) introduce more detailed hiscores dictionaries
.) csetup should be in toplevel dir
.) upHi, clean up after uploading
.) forbidden particles, introduce monikers
.) forbidden particles, introduce monikers
.) allow to restrict particle set
.) see if teleportation still works
.) see if the likelihood scanner works
.) fix the float point pids issue xsecComputer.match
.) find out why UL result is used, not comb result, for atlas-susy-2018-41:
   answer: because it is only one signal region, so doesnt count as a combo
.) (1000023,1000024) and (-1000023,1000024) should have same ssm, count
   only once in penalty
.) fix the K=nan issue
.) harmonize models in dict files and in pmodel.py files
.) rename hiscore.hi to hiscores.cache
.) make hiscores.cache a simple transparent cache for hiscores.dict,
.) plotHiscore print also "item" for combined results
.) ruler should use same particle namer as the rest
.) check the nans of the prior when running the teststat scanner
.) unify the logging and printing facilities
.) add critic to dictionaries
.) penalize for flavor violation
.) penalize for extreme signal strength multipliers
